God
me
this business
yo would have guy Jersey saying here and
I'm gonna show you something freakin
insane guys if y'all haven't already
checked it out the new dlc ultimate
fridge ultimately called Emperor death
just deafening Emperor's death game
there you go this move is insane it does
insane amount of damage guys and I'm
gonna show you some highlights and then
I'm going to show you a battle actually
the first battle I had went once i
finish getting Emperor's death beam I
was grinding with sly raccoon and
Serpico so yeah guys if you guys enjoy
this just so you all know how savage
this movie is how crazy this move is how
much damage it does y'all make sure you
hit that like button for the wreck the
wreckage means two people gave to be too
we were trolling so if you guys see a
little bit of you know spam in there
screw trolling but that's the only thing
you'll see me use it like that anyways
guys I hope you all have an amazing
blast state and I'll catch you guys
later peace all right ready
gonna you know get him get him on get
him boy get him get him oh are you going
you ain't going nowhere you ain't going
nowhere
we gotta be oh baby oh baby you trust me
now you want to unite in reviving
friends bro you ain't gonna ride with
cran bruh you ain't gonna have your
friend Brooke yeah I'm good everybody
remember my god hey oh you ready Lee
good shit fuck ah hell number 95 because
I mean bro is ezel yep
that area that was easy diesel
a new battle breath and we cross the
screen it's like a ghost laughing maybe
I don't even get a tailor preset dude I
hit it I hit it on shadow misters got
talk smack all the time 44 seconds get
good kid I hit the the death beam oh my
god perfect